CLOUDP-213199 Atlas Go SDK docs changes for binary responses (#245)
mongodb/atlas-sdk-go: docs/doc_5_best_practices.md

> In the Atlas Go SDK, the `io.ReadCloser` type is used to return binary data from APIs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Atlas Go SDK, the `io.ReadCloser` type can be used to return binary data using the APIs. 
```

Author: @kanchana-mongodb this is not a "can be" the code is auto-generated it will always be `io.ReadCloser`

> - Use `io.Copy` if the intention is to store on a file or pass through another steam

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `io.Copy` to store on a file or pass through another steam.
```

> - Use `io.ReadAll` if the intention is to read all bytes in memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `io.ReadAll` to read all bytes in memory.
```

> - Call the `.Close()` function after done reading the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Call the `.Close()` function after reading the data.
```
